README.md, before:

# Auto-Timeline

###Team Members
The Auto-Timeline project is currently being developed by Jingming Guo, Andy Linder, Bomani McClendon, and Weikang Zhang for the Spring 2016 EECS 395/JOUR 340: Collaborative Innovation in Journalism & Technology course.

###What it does
We seek to create a product that will aggregate social media content in a TimelineJS format based on a user’s query. Current social media aggregators are indeed able to organize content based on hashtags and timestamps, but don’t afford the ability to complete higher level selection and organization of social media content.

###How it works
Our product will feature several novel capabilities:
Smart selection of content based on: engagements/influence of posts within a certain topic domain, filtering on location, ability to select a timeframe for the Auto-Timeline, certain types of social media users (news organizations, verified social media users, general user population, etc.)

More details about the system will be documented as we continue our work on this project.


###Key Technologies
We plan to use Node.js, Express, and Angular with Material Bootstrap for this project. Other technologies to be decided.

###Next Steps
So far, we have sketched some drawings of the potential interface for the Auto-Timeline tool. Next, we'd like to get some feedback on our interfaces and then begin setting up a codebase for our project.

Commit message:

A basic update to the README to add some instructions for how to run the code

README.md, after:

# Auto-Timeline

###Team Members
The Auto-Timeline project is currently being developed by Jingming Guo, Andy Linder, Bomani McClendon, and Weikang Zhang for the Spring 2016 EECS 395/JOUR 340: Collaborative Innovation in Journalism & Technology course.

###What it does
We seek to create a product that will aggregate social media content in a TimelineJS format based on a user’s query. Current social media aggregators are indeed able to organize content based on hashtags and timestamps, but don’t afford the ability to complete higher level selection and organization of social media content.

###How it works
Our product will feature several novel capabilities:
Smart selection of content based on: engagements/influence of posts within a certain topic domain, filtering on location, ability to select a timeframe for the Auto-Timeline, certain types of social media users (news organizations, verified social media users, general user population, etc.)


###Key Technologies
We plan to use Node.js, Express, and Angular with Material Bootstrap for this project. Other technologies to be decided.

###Setup
In order to run this code, you will need to store your API credentials for Instagram and Twitter as environment variables. One easy way to do this is to set them with a bash script like so:

```
export TWITTER_CONSUMER_KEY= [insert key]
export TWITTER_CONSUMER_SECRET=[insert key]
export TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_KEY=[insert key]
export TWITTER_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET=[insert key]
export INSTAGRAM_ACCESS_TOKEN=[insert key]
```

Afterwards, ensure that Node.js installed on your computer. Lastly, you can run `node server.js` to start the server.

###Next Steps
We are currently working on determining how we should evaluate which content should be placed into an automatically generated Timeline.
